# 29th September, 2021


This week's status report was discussed, and a demonstration was shown using a 25x25 grid graph with random strategies for each player. This discussion sparked a number of further directions for the project:

* One potential challenge is to consider how many "clusters" (connected components of each colour) are formed on the grid graph on average [this could represent, for instance, echo chambers on social media], and how this value changes with the size of the grid graph, with different strategies, and potentially with lattice graphs of higher degree. But in this latter case, care must be taken to examine how the boundary of different clusters grows with the degree of each node.

* I could adapt the grid graph to turn it into a torus, allowing for edges to wrap around making each node functionally equivalent. This bears resemblance to a number of other existing games in games theory (Angels and Demons being one example, along with the analogy of 2 people selling choc ices on an infinitely long beach - the Nash equilibrium occurs when both players face their back to one another and walk along different halves of the beach!), and this problem is probably PSPACE-HARD. This presents some visualisation challenges, with a possible solution being to present multiple diagrams, all of the same torus, but with a different center.

Persistent homology

"How many clusters? Any bounds?" Not easy! Does this grow with n?

Try on a torus to get rid of edges?

Game theory game - 2 people selling choc ices on a beach? Nash equilibira in the middle of the beach?

On a torus, should be PSPACE-HARD? Angels and Demons?

Two "branches" - local/optimal vs global/clustering things?

Probably light colour for just burned vertex?

"Height" components, or maybe a heatmap? Might be hard on a torus...

9 diagrams, each one's a translation with a different center?

More reading on the survey paper

"Half-grid"?

Maybe vary how much each player gets to burn?

Try strategies vs random player? Perhaps greedy strategies for now - systematically to compare

Make sure you log enough data?

Cluster counting with random players? Higher degree makes it harder to close in, but maybe leaves more holes? Though this isn't like for like...
Iso-parametric constants - how the boundary increases as the size increases? So need to pick a consistent family of graphs...

Brief discussion of circle packing...