# Minutes - 6th October, 2021

The most recent status report was discussed, and several additional points were raised:

* The notion of a "narrow" graph (say, a pathwidth?) could be useful when considering the number of clusters on graphs. For instance, a barbell graph has high degree but is very "path-like", so we expect there will be many clusters.

* Strategies that start by considering the subgraph induced by unburned vertices are unlikely to be interactive enough to be successful. For instance, given a large connected component, vertices which are close to the other player's vertices may be more or less valuable than vertices which are far away.

* With regards to competition, one player could try and make clusters, while the other prevents clusters from forming. This could be symmetrical (i.e a player prevents any clusters from forming), or asymmetrical (i.e a player only cares about stopping their opponent's clusters, not their own).

* The concept of the "boundary" of a cluster could be interesting to consider alongside regular logging. Isoparametric constants may be important to consider for certain problems, particularly when varying the degree of a grid graph as suggested.

* I should research a bit more on whether "cluster counting" has many previous references in graph theory, perhaps with different wording such as counting connected components in graph colourings. The references in my original paper focus on probability theory, so they may not be so relevant to my work.


### Misc notes
  
Graph diameter? Narrower

Just the subgraph not "interactive" enough

One player try and make clusters, one player 

"boundary" of a cluster?

isoparametric constant 0 controls worst case how big set boundaries are
if good (e.g 1/4) - kind of like dividing the boundary by the no of vertices
in the cluster

worst case over all sets - if large, every set you can choose has a large boundary

string of barbells - high degree, not many clusters
path - low degree, many clusters

strategy of high degree nodes - very big in social networks

"find the magic words" for cluster counting

counting connected components


