# Minutes - 1st March, 2022

John and I reviewed my work so far, and made a number of suggestions:

* For typesetting problem names - \textsc is a useful tool, and defining a macro to type the problem name will be helpful too.
* Regarding naming the decision vs the optimisation problem - I almost exclusively focus on the optimisation problem, so I could use the same name and stating that I refer to the optimisation problem unless otherwise stated.
* Regarding the section on graph diameter - John suggested I introduce the diameter bound before the n/3 bound, since this is more natural, and it could lead to some good discussion about global vs extremal bounds. I agreed with this, remarking that the diameter section was mainly meant to be a placeholder until I figured out where its contents should be included.
* To show the order of burning in a coloured diagram, John suggested I number vertices with the round that they were chosen to burn in (i.e there'll be a red vertex and blue vertex with label 1, a pair with label 2 and so on - some vertices will have no label, indicating that they were burned via a fire spreading rather than being specifically picked).
* I also suggested the possibility of removing the general graphs section due to time constraints, and John suggested this was a good idea but I could still refer to this in the future work section at the end.